---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/daily-journals/2022-04-15/"}
---

<< [[Daily Journals/2022-04-14|2022-04-14]] || [[Daily Journals/2022-04-16|2022-04-16]] >>


### Daily Quote
> Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
> — <cite>Ralph Waldo Emerson</cite>

[[Everything Else/The Stoic Art of Journaling|The Stoic Art of Journaling]]
# Daily Note
## Morning DUMP:
> "How many have laid waste to your life when you weren't aware of what you were losing, how much was wasted in pointless grief, foolish joy, greedy desire, and social amusements—how little of your own was left to you. You will realise you are dying before your own time!"
> - Seneca, [[Everything Else/On the Shortness of Life|On the Brevity of Life]], 3.3b


Life is short. Actually life is not short, its just that we are wasting most of it. To appease people, we tend to say "Yes" when all we want to say no. Saying no is so hard because you want to fit in. It is even harder when you try to say no to your emotions. Negative ones take over your life and destroy your time. They are commitments from the moment you feel them to the time you manage to calm the storm. 

Time spent is a time you can never get back. Life is overwhelming with the constant looming threat of death. [[Everything Else/Memento mori|Memento mori]]. But you shouldn't let that worry you. Sometimes you should say no. It can hurt people but you are prioritising yourself and your time in this world. The more you say no to the things you don't want to do— the things that don't matter. You say yes to the things that bring you happiness, the ones that brings you an eternal life. 

#### How did you Sleep?

▲▲▲▲▲

#### What is your main focus today?
Focus today: Learning
Focus today: Work
Focus today: Reading


#### What is the single most important thing you need to do today?
I need to start reading my books from the Library

#### How motivated do you feel?
▲▲▲▲▲

#### What do you plan to do today? 
- [ ] Library Books
- [x] Obsidian customization
- [x] Enrollment
- [ ] Minecraft?

#### How did you steer away from serenity?
I got mad cause I heard my dad as I woke up. He's so annoying you know. 

#### List three things you are grateful for.
1. Vannessa

#### Do you feel prepared for your day
Yes, I think I have plenty of time. The enrollment is stressing me out but it should all be ok. That is all tho. 

## During the Day. 
## Day Planner
- [x] 11:00 Wakeup
- [x] 11:30 Breakfast
- [x] 12:00 Notes and Obsidian
- [x] 12:46 Buttons


14:20: 😐, Describe: Dejected
Why? Work
Why is that? I was trying to follow steps to deploy a site using HUGO but it didn't work. I'm kinda mad about that you know cause I really wanted it to work but I hate how it didn't. Anyway, Now I'm trying another method and I hope this one will work cause this its so stupid I'm gonna lose my mind.


## Evening. 
#### How did you feel today?
Feeling today: 🤗 Excited

#### What have you been enjoying today
Enjoy today: Time Alone
Enjoy today: Creativity


#### How fulfilled do you feel?
▲▲▲▲△


#### How Productive did you feel today?
▲▲▲▲▲


#### Describe your day. Did you manage to accomplish what you had to do today?
Today was very weird. I woke up at like 11 which was early for me. Then, I started exploring Obsidian and publishing selected notes that I want to share with people. That took like 5 hours of my time until I finally found something that I enjoyed. Quartz kept breaking and jekyll was not working. 

I ended up with a plugin because it was the easiest. 

Then I did some personal minecraft where I built my train yard. 

I did some theatre notes too and that was really interesting. Maybe I'll look up the plays for that. 
##### What did I do today that was not a good use of my time?

#### Summarize what you have read today. Practice recalling information


#### What made you smile today?


#### What did you fail to do and why? 


##### Did I lose control of emotions today? What triggered it? Was that a reasonable response?


##### What did I do today that was out of character? What triggered it? Was that a reasonable response? 

#### List three amazing things that happened today
1.


##### Think of something you've done that you regret today. Write an apology to yourself and a response for forgiveness


## One sentence day summary


## Reflection

## Dreams

